feat(docs): add cargo-pgo to PGO documentation 📝 (#114998)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/profile-guided-optimization.md

to use PGO with Rust.

[clang-pgo]: https://clang.llvm.org/docs/UsersManual.html#profile-guided-optimization

## Community Maintained Tools

As an alternative to directly using the compiler for Profile-Guided Optimization,

> you may choose to go with `cargo-get`, which has an intuitive API and saves you

Reviewer: `cargo-pgo`, not `cargo-get` :)
Also I would say it's a CLI (command-line interface, not an API).

Author: API, as in the interface the user is talking to (the CLI options and flags), not necessarily HTTP API.

the trouble of doing all the manual work. You can read more about it in their
repository accessible from this link: https://github.com/Kobzol/cargo-pgo

For the sake of completeness, here are the corresponding steps using `cargo-pgo`:

```bash
# Install the binary as usual: cargo install cargo-pgo

> cargo pgo build -- --release

Reviewer: The release flag is added by default and shouldn't be specified manually.

> LLVM_PROFILE_FILE=./target/pgo-profiles/rustc-pgo_%m_%p.profraw ./target/x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu/release/myprogram

Reviewer: I would perhaps remove the `LLVM_PROFILE_FILE` env. var. It's only needed for programs that generate a lot of processes internally (which is not *that* common), so I think that it could be avoided in this example, to make it simpler.

cargo pgo optimize
```

These steps will do the following just as before:

1. Build an instrumented binary from the source code.

> 2. Use the instrumentation in the binary when running it for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the instrumented binary to gather PGO profiles.
```

> 3. Use the instrumentation results from the last step to create an optimized binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the gathered PGO profiles from the last step to build an optimized binary.
```
